## Hi there!

I am interested in developing AI projects using python. I have been currently working on projects like linking a genetic algorithm to a predictive ML model for optimal neoantigen and TCR bonding for cancer immunotherapy research. I have also been experimenting with developing a novel genetic algorithm (AMEF or Algorithmic Meta Evolutionary Framework). The Algorithmic Meta-Evolutionary Framework (AMEF) is a novel, two-layer control system that statistically monitors the search diversity of the underlying optimization algorithm and dynamically adapts its internal constraints to guarantee solution reliability and safety. I have been using it in both agriscience projects (such as in silico testing of optimizing fertilizers) and in medical technology projects (such as optimizing the dosage amount of Vancomycin to treat Sepsis).

I plan on majoring in Biomedical Engineering and I hope some of my repos can bring awareness and lead innovation to the certain problems I'm attempting to solve. I am open to any critique and feel free to email me at satyathavaneshyalla@gmail.com .

Main Research Projects (Note: Some are finalized and are published repos, not all of them are):
- (BiOxiOptimize): Genetic algorithm using saturation functions to accurately model and develop optimal anti-oxidant blends to improve oxidative stability in bio-fuels.
- (SEIKO): Using inverse kinetics to calculate optimal hand joint trajectories to treat muscoskeletal conditions and also using a ganetic algorithm to optimize safety limits within IK calculations and also using a monte carlo simulation to model biological variability for enhanced accuracy.
- (AMEF): Using a genetic algorithm with a saturation function to optimize vancomycin dosing for outlier patients such as elderly patients with higher sensitivity and patients with augmented renal clearance, it also uses an algorithmic entropy metric to diagnose if the algorithm is stuck in a logic loop or not. If it is detected that the algorithm is in a logic loop it triggers the release of solutions from a memory module.
- NITRI-Shield: Uses a genetic algorithm with specifc pharmacokinetic equations and a saturation function to optimize concentrations of compounds to design a molecular engineerable pill to reduce carcinogen formation from excess nitrate exposure. Uses a monte carlo population to model the pill's travel into the body.
- Neuro-Gut: Uses a genetic algorithm to optimize the concentration of specifc bacteria into a "pill" to eventually shift and change a solider's gut bacteria colonoy to produce more neurotransmitters leading to lower stress therefore decreased chance of PTSD and potentially making smarter and more reactive soliders. Uses a monte carlo simulation to account for the entire platoon in making a pill so it doesnt make pill where platoon memebrs have differing success and GI distress levels.

Future projects:
- (KPI Saturation): I identified an issues with middle school athletic key performace indicator sheets and that's that they are supported by only linear data which proves ineffective for outlier students. Such as 80 pound children expected to run at superhuamn speeds despite lacking the muscle to even genearte enough force. To solve this all you need is a saturation function for each weight group to make even more accurate data and KPI, and this could be helpful in indicating high potnetial underweight children instead of labeling them as weak.
